# Unnavigated
“Unnavigated” is a social as well as a travel blogging web based application. It will help users explore the unexplored i.e. it will provide them with information about the lesser known places out there. One can also register themselves on this website and share their experiences along with pictures thus helping others with real-time experiences. It’ll also help small businesses grow with growing no. of visitors around such places. With the help of recent reviews, one can plan their travel accordingly through the same platform as it’ll be developed in a collaborative manner with ticket/hotel booking websites. 
This project is made using python programming language. As it is a web application, its UI is designed using Django Framework using HTML/CSS templates. Django is a high-level Python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design. Built by experienced developers, it takes care of much of the hassle of web development, so you can focus on writing your app without needing to reinvent the wheel. It’s free and open source. 
The objective of this project is to introduce a platform where people can share their travel experiences with others and help them plan their travel hassle-free. One referring this website can be prepared enough by learning through other’s experiences and plan their trip conveniently. 
People using this website will get a lot of help plan their travel. Features like “like”, “comment”, will motivate to share more of their experiences. The “save” option will help the ones referring to one’s blog, save it later for reference and convenience to find it when they come back thus eliminating the need to search through a long feed of posts. They can even “Follow” a particular blogger they find interesting and can explore more of their experiences by following them and having their posts appear in their personalized feed. 
Users can also subscribe themselves to get more of travel coupons and discounts. This website will provide an opportunity for their users to go for booking their tickets and accommodations via a section called “Trip Coordinators” and can plan everything pre-handedly. 
This website’s UI has been designed in a user-friendly way and one can easily Login/Signup and access it very easily. 
